testimonials.md, before:

# Testimonials 🦄

This is an archive of testimonials from current and past coworkers.

They were asked to answer, "What is it like to have Thuy as a coworker / work with Thuy?"

## Sid Shankar, Engineering Manager 💻

“It's rare to meet a person who exemplifies Radical Candor, but Thuy is definitely one of them. I've treasured working with Thuy because in any situation, she's not afraid to call it like she sees it, while communicating about the situation with compassion. Thuy's a strong advocate for mental health in the workplace, psychological safety on teams, and always championing accessibility improvements in software across the organization.”

## Jen Vandermeer, Senior Product Designer 🎨

“I started at Prodigy around the same time as Thuy and had the privilege of working alongside her as we improved the experience for our parent users. She's always had such amazing attention to detail and puts so much thought and care into every project she is a part of. Over the past 4 years, I've seen the great impact Thuy has made across our company, for she has been one of the driving forces for much-needed change in the areas of equality, inclusivity, and accessibility. Her genuine, candid personality is a breath of fresh air and her strength is what I admire most and aspire to learn from every day.”

## Lavinia Manea, Product Designer 🎨

“Inclusion and accessibility are at the heart of Thuy's problem-solving process. Thuy laid the foundation for accessibility best practices on a brand new product our team has been working on. She did so through empathy building, close collaboration, and through continuous learning and sharing with the team. Collaborating with Thuy is inspiring and motivating - you get to work toward the best outcome possible, and to learn something new in the process!!!”

## Patrick Priestley, Director Engineering Operations 💻

“Thuy's steadfast commitment to making Accessible UI/UX the standard at Prodigy has been incredibly inspiring to witness. She is the definition of "User Obsessed" and I've always appreciated her willingness to stand up for what she believes is right. It's rare to work with someone who is so thoughtful, talented, and driven. A true Multiplier.”

## Yad Dhaliwal, Executive Recruitment Director 🖇️

“We don't work on deliverables together, but have both leaned on each other to improve stuff that matters to us. She has excellent instincts, and it's easy to tell her life compass is focused around accessibility and equity. Because of her spirit and dedication towards those areas at work, changes have been made, strategies put in place and accountability created. She's comfortable stepping up, getting in front of issues, and rolling up her sleeves. She has a way to communicate the "right thing" as the "logical thing" and brings those around her along. Simply put, Thuy's a great human. Someone you want in your corner and hopefully lucky enough to work with."

## Danny Frade, VP of Engineering 💻

“Thuy is a great mix of self-awareness, honesty, motivated, and insightful. We've been working together for 4 years, and she has set a new standard for individual growth in my eyes. It's truly been a pleasure to share this time with Thuy and I'm excited to see where this rocket ship takes them next.”

## Ben Johnson, Software Architect 💻

“Thuy has been an absolute pleasure to work with. She brings honesty, integrity, and curiosity to every conversation. She uses what she’s learned to support and benefit all those around her. In every team I’ve seen Thuy on, her love for accessibility and access was infectious. She’s always there to remind us that we serve real people with our technology.”

## Sumira Mathews, Agile Lead 🚀

“Working with Thuy brings a refreshing breath of sportsmanship and accountability in our team, while constantly pushing our product and ourselves to reach its maximum potential. Thuy advocates growth both professionally and personally, and has inspired her teammates to do the same. Lastly, her work towards EDI regulations has not only been an asset, but an integral component to our company growth!”

## Jon, Technical Lead 💻

“Thuy’s inspiring growth at Prodigy is a testament to her constant learning and drive for ownership. She is a fearless advocate for users, a methodical problem-solver, and a candid, caring teammate.”

## Celeste Ellerby, Full Stack Developer I 💻

“Thuy wastes no time in making newcomers feel very welcome! She is not only a vocal supporter of her team but of her users -- Thuy values products that are both user-friendly and made for users of all kinds. This is supported by her accessibility-first mindset and advocacy.”

## Diana, Education Specialist 📖

“When Thuy sets her mind on something, she is a force to be reckoned with! She engages and educates others on causes that she is passionate about and eagerly welcomes new opportunities to learn and reflect. She is one of the most efficient and driven individuals I have had the pleasure of working with.”

## Asha Joy, Ops Developer I 🌡️

“I have worked very closely with Thuy. During that time I have had the chance to witness many aspects of her personality and work ethic, all of which are extremely impressive. What I always liked about her is her radical candour and her positive Energy. She is a great team player and was a pleasure to work with.”

Commit message:

Add Mark Peck testimonial from Astro tenure

testimonials.md, after:

# Testimonials 🦄

This is an archive of testimonials from current and past coworkers.

They were asked to answer, "What is it like to have Thuy as a coworker / work with Thuy?"

## Sid Shankar, Engineering Manager 💻

“It's rare to meet a person who exemplifies Radical Candor, but Thuy is definitely one of them. I've treasured working with Thuy because in any situation, she's not afraid to call it like she sees it, while communicating about the situation with compassion. Thuy's a strong advocate for mental health in the workplace, psychological safety on teams, and always championing accessibility improvements in software across the organization.”

## Jen Vandermeer, Senior Product Designer 🎨

“I started at Prodigy around the same time as Thuy and had the privilege of working alongside her as we improved the experience for our parent users. She's always had such amazing attention to detail and puts so much thought and care into every project she is a part of. Over the past 4 years, I've seen the great impact Thuy has made across our company, for she has been one of the driving forces for much-needed change in the areas of equality, inclusivity, and accessibility. Her genuine, candid personality is a breath of fresh air and her strength is what I admire most and aspire to learn from every day.”

## Lavinia Manea, Product Designer 🎨

“Inclusion and accessibility are at the heart of Thuy's problem-solving process. Thuy laid the foundation for accessibility best practices on a brand new product our team has been working on. She did so through empathy building, close collaboration, and through continuous learning and sharing with the team. Collaborating with Thuy is inspiring and motivating - you get to work toward the best outcome possible, and to learn something new in the process!!!”

## Patrick Priestley, Director Engineering Operations 💻

“Thuy's steadfast commitment to making Accessible UI/UX the standard at Prodigy has been incredibly inspiring to witness. She is the definition of "User Obsessed" and I've always appreciated her willingness to stand up for what she believes is right. It's rare to work with someone who is so thoughtful, talented, and driven. A true Multiplier.”

## Yad Dhaliwal, Executive Recruitment Director 🖇️

“We don't work on deliverables together, but have both leaned on each other to improve stuff that matters to us. She has excellent instincts, and it's easy to tell her life compass is focused around accessibility and equity. Because of her spirit and dedication towards those areas at work, changes have been made, strategies put in place and accountability created. She's comfortable stepping up, getting in front of issues, and rolling up her sleeves. She has a way to communicate the "right thing" as the "logical thing" and brings those around her along. Simply put, Thuy's a great human. Someone you want in your corner and hopefully lucky enough to work with."

## Danny Frade, VP of Engineering 💻

“Thuy is a great mix of self-awareness, honesty, motivated, and insightful. We've been working together for 4 years, and she has set a new standard for individual growth in my eyes. It's truly been a pleasure to share this time with Thuy and I'm excited to see where this rocket ship takes them next.”

## Ben Johnson, Software Architect 💻

“Thuy has been an absolute pleasure to work with. She brings honesty, integrity, and curiosity to every conversation. She uses what she’s learned to support and benefit all those around her. In every team I’ve seen Thuy on, her love for accessibility and access was infectious. She’s always there to remind us that we serve real people with our technology.”

## Mark Peck, Design Lead 🎨

"Thuy is an exceptional colleague and an even better person. I had the privilege of working closely with her at Astro, and her presence on the team was truly invaluable. Her ability to remain calm and maintain a positive attitude under pressure made a significant impact on my daily work. Beyond that, she consistently enhanced cross-team processes and played a key role in the success of major company initiatives. I would consider myself very fortunate to have the opportunity to work with her again."

## Sumira Mathews, Agile Lead 🚀

“Working with Thuy brings a refreshing breath of sportsmanship and accountability in our team, while constantly pushing our product and ourselves to reach its maximum potential. Thuy advocates growth both professionally and personally, and has inspired her teammates to do the same. Lastly, her work towards EDI regulations has not only been an asset, but an integral component to our company growth!”

## Jon, Technical Lead 💻

“Thuy’s inspiring growth at Prodigy is a testament to her constant learning and drive for ownership. She is a fearless advocate for users, a methodical problem-solver, and a candid, caring teammate.”

## Celeste Ellerby, Full Stack Developer I 💻

“Thuy wastes no time in making newcomers feel very welcome! She is not only a vocal supporter of her team but of her users -- Thuy values products that are both user-friendly and made for users of all kinds. This is supported by her accessibility-first mindset and advocacy.”

## Diana, Education Specialist 📖

“When Thuy sets her mind on something, she is a force to be reckoned with! She engages and educates others on causes that she is passionate about and eagerly welcomes new opportunities to learn and reflect. She is one of the most efficient and driven individuals I have had the pleasure of working with.”

## Asha Joy, Ops Developer I 🌡️

“I have worked very closely with Thuy. During that time I have had the chance to witness many aspects of her personality and work ethic, all of which are extremely impressive. What I always liked about her is her radical candour and her positive Energy. She is a great team player and was a pleasure to work with.”
